[WIP] Terraform Docs for TF policy (#2690)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-policy/v0.1.x (beta)/docs/policy/examples.mdx

---
page_title: Policy examples
description: >-
  Examples for writing, testing, and running Terraform policy policies.
---

# Policy examples

> This page provides examples of Terraform policy policies. Refer to these examples to learn how to implement your own policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides example policies written for the Terraform policy framework. Refer to these examples to learn how to implement your own policies.
```
